it has been three weeks since Cooper
Tire in Findlay Ohio locked out over a
thousand workers after they rejected a
wage cutting contract the workers
Manning round-the-clock thickets have
won widespread support in their
community I've been here twenty three
and a half years every contract that
Gabe gave game to go to the contract
down thanks so much that's why we we
took a stand
and the biggest thing is we took the
stand all we did was say no to the
contract we did we voted no we didn't
say put us out on the streets when we
had our last pound cut him up and the
company was saying that they're in dire
straits and that the concessions were
gonna have to be made we realized that
we had potential of being out of a job
so we did take concessions to help the
company become more viable and the
longevity of the company and in the past
three years they've made over 300
million
and they want to take more from us our
kids are
we know we fail we don't leave us about
us and wage school because we got to
keep going down and everybody around the
United States is sways from people about
everything that's going on all the cuts
and everything it's all never-ending
there's nobody wants to draw a line
understand it make it stop
American Airlines is doing it you know
whirlpool did it you know American
Airlines made all kinds of money and you
know they said on the news the other day
they're trying to file bankruptcy so
they can freeze everybody's pensions and
wages and all that and they're still
gonna have a business there just pay off
the debts and free to be able to freeze
it through bankruptcy you know it's
happening all across the world
everywhere the community support is
there's not even words for it it just
keeps coming and coming and coming you
know they understand on December 17th
hundreds of workers from the area
attended a rally in support of the
Cooper tile workers I'm a truck driver
working harder for Less in Finley all
night I've been driving a truck for 16
years and I've never worked so hard for
so little I'm 62 years old I'm working
like I'm 25 and why because they know
it's a recession and people are
desperate for jobs I saw in the Finley
paper and the bull in the Toledo Blade
that one in two people are poor or
low-income that's 50% 50% of America's
poor local income that's not right if we
don't taste and now it's gonna get worse
and worse you can barely pay for
education you can you kick at a job to
pay for your education need to do your
work in the next four years your life is
a paper that 100 thousand dollars for
just a bachelor's degree you know
now you can get a job for more than $10
an hour unless it's a factory and now
you have to worry about the unions or
the unions not supporting you and the
factory still just taking more and more
from all their employees down in Bowling
Green Ohio
we had an Occupy movement they raided
our camp at 4:30 in the morning with two
people in the tent and 27 officers in
riot gear ready to fight three people
were arrested in 10,000 dollars were
spent needlessly the police aren't here
to protect us they're there for the
corporations that that support them it's
all about the dollar I feel we're making
$13 an hour and the person next to us is
making more than that and we're doing
this Sam
we're just trying to get that systematic
there's a lot from the older people the
guys that have been here 30 years yeah
which kids out jobs when they're 15
16 years old
you won't be able to put them through
college you won't be able to retire the
place beats it down
I mean how many injuries you've had in
there I mean how many things are wrong
with you there's my back you know back
problems knee problems shoulder problems
how am I going to be able to afford to
pay for my medical problems when I do
get out of here
was this the filth and the black
everything that they put you through in
two places it's it's hard I mean it's
just hard on your body harden gets into
your lungs I was standing out here this
stuff ain't this ain't dirt from from
passersby
dirt from this place slam it's black
dirt through this place you're working
there you suck that in every day
I've worked in some places in there you
it gets into your pores it gets into
your skin
lay down fat and sweat and sweat in the
bed and wake up you got black stuff in
your bed
where you'll a sport us yeah give us
your sport
or not just fight for ourselves your
fight for everybody